hey Internet so I've been doing some DIY
remodeling over the last couple of days
and I wanted to share that story with
you because I think it's such a cute and
amazing solution to storing jewelry and
scarves because both of those had kind
of been all over the place for me
especially scars and for years I've been
a huge scarf lover huge scarf collector
over the last two years I've especially
grown my collection when I went to Hong
Kong and then here also there was a
cashmere store near me that had sales
until it closed so I've bought quite a
lot of scars I love them all and every
fall they come out of the closet and I
don't know where to put them so that
they look nice and they're easy access
and especially on a practical note so
they don't get wrinkly because if you
bundle them up in a box which is what I
used to do they get all wrinkly and then
you have to steam or iron them every
time you wear them which is really
annoying if you're not a fan of that I
think I found a really cute solution and
I'm gonna share it with you guys in just
a moment before that I just want to give
you a little social media update I know
a lot of you guys had been saying that I
don't have much of a presence online
other than on YouTube which is so true I
used to have a twitter under shiny pink
lips but I just never used it so I
decided to take inspiration from your
comments and just have a clean slate so
I started a new Twitter and a new
Instagram to go with that Twitter and
I've been loving Instagram so much like
it has increased my love of Twitter like
a hundred folds I'm just tweeting all
the time cool pictures of things that I
see things that I eat especially parts
of my outfits my nails just anything
really that I love and I actually really
enjoy it I used to think of it as a
little bit shallow but it actually kind
of keeps me in the moment and lets me
kind of notice things and share them
with you
so please
you like my videos go and check out my
Twitter and Instagram and follow me and
if you tweet me I'll follow you back on
both or either whatever you enjoy
because the whole point of this is so
that I can get to know you guys a little
bit better than YouTube comments allow
and so I just really want to communicate
with you guys and this seems like a
really good way to do it
so my twitter is Elle underscore
Florence which I will link and my
Instagram is just L Florence and so
they're both the same but I had to have
an underscore on Twitter because there's
another elf warrants out there I guess
so that is it for my little social media
rainbow let's get right into my DIY
scarf organization project every good
home makeover has a beginning and this
pile scars is mine as is the blank wall
the first car I put up is this very
noble rhinoceros I'm going for an urban
jungle feminine theme and the second one
is a mini stag head the third one is a
sideways branch and the fourth is its
tag head so there's the beginning
without its antlers first antlers second
antler and then on the other side of the
window I also had a blank wall and I
added a little silver owl you can see my
very handy assistant here and this is
what it looks like after I've added the
scars I think it's so practical and I
get to admire my favorite accessories
every morning when I wake up and every
night when I go to sleep I love the
modern white classic look his phase of
my organization involves an Ikea scarf
hanger and I'm just gonna lose all of my
messy scars into it so that they're no
longer crumpled in that box and I don't
have to iron them anymore so you can see
it's pretty simple you just fold them in
half and lift them through until they're
all it took a while but here's the
finished result
and this is me moving it away now I've
created some space that I want to fill
up with a really decorative girly little
accessories you are so I'm folding a
scarf that I don't wear very much that's
a really pretty lilac color and the
first accessory that I'm adding is a
dream it's a jewelry treat from Urban
Outfitters in a beautiful silver tarnish
color then I'm adding some bath and
Bodyworks candle holders the first
candle I'm going to add is espresso
and the second is hazelnut cream from
Walmart I'm adding a little near tile
that I purchased from the dollar store
and on top I'm adding a little heirloom
cat of wing stacker that I absolutely
love then I'm adding a little elephant
piggy bank that goes beautifully with my
stag head and then I'm making good use
of a cake stand that I never used for
actual cakes to put bracelets in
underneath I just have a little saucer
that matches with gold trim I'm adding a
handmade necklace as my first and moving
the tree just a little bit so that it
doesn't burn
for one of the candles it has a little
bit more room adjusting as necessary and
then I'm just gonna add a lot of my
favorite jewelry that I wear the often I
have a jewelry armoire that these are
just pieces that I reach for on a daily
basis but I thought would also look
pretty when right
and I'm adding bracelets that I wear on
a daily basis to my little cake stand
lashes bracelet holder